README.asciidoc, before:

= kitty-meow 😺 - kitty fork with persistent selection

[NOTE]
====
**This is a fork of https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty[kitty]** with a fix for persistent text selection.

*The Problem:* In upstream kitty, text selection gets cleared when new terminal output arrives. This makes it impossible to copy text from log tails, build output, or any continuously updating terminal.

*The Fix:* This fork preserves selections when new output arrives, matching the behavior of xterm.js (VSCode/VSCodium terminal). Selections are only cleared when they scroll completely out of the history buffer.

See https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty/issues/148[Issue #148] for the original feature request.
====

---

= kitty - the fast, feature-rich, cross-platform, GPU based terminal

If you live in the terminal, *kitty* is made for **you**!

See https://sw.kovidgoyal.net/kitty/[the kitty website].

image:https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty/workflows/CI/badge.svg["Build status", link="https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty/actions?query=workflow%3ACI"]

https://sw.kovidgoyal.net/kitty/faq/[Frequently Asked Questions]

To ask other questions about kitty usage, use either the https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty/discussions/[discussions on GitHub] or the
https://www.reddit.com/r/KittyTerminal[Reddit community]

Packaging status in various repositories:

image:https://repology.org/badge/vertical-allrepos/kitty-terminal.svg?columns=3&header=kitty["Packaging status", link="https://repology.org/project/kitty-terminal/versions"]

Commit message:

docs: add mouse-friendly split controls to README

README.asciidoc, after:

= kitty-meow 😺 - kitty fork with persistent selection

[NOTE]
====
**This is a fork of https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty[kitty]** with a fix for persistent text selection.

*The Problem:* In upstream kitty, text selection gets cleared when new terminal output arrives. This makes it impossible to copy text from log tails, build output, or any continuously updating terminal.

*The Fix:* This fork preserves selections when new output arrives, matching the behavior of xterm.js (VSCode/VSCodium terminal). Selections are only cleared when they scroll completely out of the history buffer.

See https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty/issues/148[Issue #148] for the original feature request.
====

== Mouse-Friendly Split Controls

kitty-meow adds intuitive mouse controls for managing split windows:

* **Close Button**: Each split window shows an X button in the top-right corner (when multiple splits exist)
* **Drag-to-Resize**: Hover over borders between splits to get a resize cursor, then drag to resize

Both features can be toggled in your config:

[source,conf]
----
show_window_close_button yes   # Show/hide close button on splits
enable_border_drag_resize yes  # Enable/disable drag-to-resize
----

---

= kitty - the fast, feature-rich, cross-platform, GPU based terminal

If you live in the terminal, *kitty* is made for **you**!

See https://sw.kovidgoyal.net/kitty/[the kitty website].

image:https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty/workflows/CI/badge.svg["Build status", link="https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty/actions?query=workflow%3ACI"]

https://sw.kovidgoyal.net/kitty/faq/[Frequently Asked Questions]

To ask other questions about kitty usage, use either the https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty/discussions/[discussions on GitHub] or the
https://www.reddit.com/r/KittyTerminal[Reddit community]

Packaging status in various repositories:

image:https://repology.org/badge/vertical-allrepos/kitty-terminal.svg?columns=3&header=kitty["Packaging status", link="https://repology.org/project/kitty-terminal/versions"]
